README.md, before:

#CAS FEE Project 2 - A Login Accelerator for Webapplications
by Noel Bellón & Thomas Brandenburger

## 1. Project Description
This project has the purpose to give the users a simple way to login to their favorite webapplications/websites (participant) with their smartphones by scanning a qr-code on the respective websites.

**Features:**
- Mobile App
    - Managing accounts
    - Scan QR-Code
    - Encrypted client storage of login credentials
    - Hybrid App Running on Android, iOS and Windows Mobile

- Admin User Interface
    - Administration
    - Dashboard with Overview of Clients, Sites, Accesses
    - Access-Logs
    - Responsive
    - Authentication
    
- Login Showcase
    - Autofill Credentials by Receiving Data from Websocket
    - Providing QR-Code
    
- REST-API
    - Data Persistance with MongoDB
    - Authentication


**Workflow:**

![Alt text](/Fastlogin.png?raw=true "Fastlogin")

## 2. Technologies
- jQuery / jQuery Plugin
- HTML
- CSS
- SCSS
- TypeScript
- Encryption
- Angular2
- Node.js
- Exress
- Socket.io
- MongoDB
- Ionic Framework (Cordova)


## 3. Installation
**Mobile App**
```
$ cd mobile-app
$ npm install
$ ionic serve

*** Gulp Tasks ***
$ gulp watch
$ gulp lint
```
To install the app on the mobile phone copy mobile-app/build/android-debug.apk to you android phone.



**Login Showcase**
```
$ cd login-showcase
$ npm install
$ npm start
open Browser at localhost:3500
```


**REST API - With Installation of Local MongoDB**
Make sure you have installed mongodb on your local machine
Make sure you have uncommented the connection string for local mongodb in config.js
```
$ cd rest-api
$ npm install
$ npm run mongo-init-win (mongo-init-mac)
$ npm run mongo-import-win (mongo-import-mac)
$ npm start
REST API is listening at localhost:8080
```
To test the REST API you can import the postman collection "/rest-api/_backup/postman-api/collection.json" into your postman app
You have to choose "Basic Auth" and authenticate with user admin/admin



**REST API - Without Installation Using Hosted MongoDB**
Make sure you have uncommented the connection string for hosted mongodb in config.js
```
$ cd rest-api
$ npm install
$ npm start
REST API is listening at localhost:8080
```
To test the REST API you can import the postman collection "/rest-api/_backup/postman-api/collection.json" into your postman app
You have to choose "Basic Auth" and authenticate with user admin/admin



**Admin UI**
```
$ cd admin-ui
$ npm install
$ npm start
open Browser at localhost:3000
```
Login with the prepared user admin/admin



**ToDo's:**

Prio 1

- Admin UI Input Validation
- Refactor CSS Admin UI
- Comment source code > Thomas > Noel
- Code formatting > Thomas > Noel
- Update git readme.md


Prio 2
- Admin UI Searchfunction
- Admin UI Grafical Display of Accesses > Timeline
- Gulp Task Build, Minify, compile scss, compress
- package.json > dev / prod dependencies
- Admin UI Error Handling
- REST API Error Handling
- Unit Tests Admin UI
- REST API > npm install > install mongodb if not installed -> fill with testdata
- put configuration values to config file -> hostnames, ports
- Git cleanup and check .gitignore


Done
- Design Admin UI > Noel > OK
- Login Admin UI (Admin) > Noel
- Admin UI Dropdown For Selectable Values > Noel
- Design Login Showcase > Thomas > OK
- Landing Page Login Showcase > Thomas > OK
- Icon App > Thomas > OK
- Colorize App > Thomas > OK
- Put all CSS declarations in one main CSS File > Noel > OK
- Unit Tests REST API > Thomas > OK
- Admin UI Make it Multilanguage Capable > OK


## 5. Resume

**Besonders gut**
- Aufteilung Workpackages
- Vielfältiger Technologieeinsatz
- Gute Idee -> funktionierender POC


**Würden wir anders machen**
- Einsatz von Betaversionen Ionic/Angular für Produktion überdenken
- Mehr Zeit für Testing (Unit und EndtoEnd)
- Mehr Zeit für GUI > Zeitaufwändig

**Was haben wir gelernt**
- Nodejs
- Angular2
- Ionic > Cordova
- jQuery Plugin implementieren
- Socket Service
- REST API implementieren
- TypeScript
- Gulp
- Testing
- MongoDB
- SCSS
- Verschiedene Formvalidierungsansätze ausprobiert

Commit message:

- outcommented not working form validation - updated readme

README.md, after:

#CAS FEE Project 2 - A Login Accelerator for Webapplications
by Noel Bellón & Thomas Brandenburger

## 1. Project Description
This project has the purpose to give the users a simple way to login to their favorite webapplications/websites (participant) with their smartphones by scanning a qr-code on the respective websites.

**Features:**
- Mobile App
    - Managing accounts
    - Scan QR-Code
    - Encrypted client storage of login credentials
    - Hybrid App Running on Android, iOS and Windows Mobile

- Admin User Interface
    - Administration
    - Dashboard with Overview of Clients, Sites, Accesses
    - Access-Logs
    - Responsive
    - Authentication
    
- Login Showcase
    - Autofill Credentials by Receiving Data from Websocket
    - Providing QR-Code
    
- REST-API
    - Data Persistance with MongoDB
    - Authentication


**Workflow:**

![Alt text](/Fastlogin.png?raw=true "Fastlogin")

## 2. Technologies
- jQuery / jQuery Plugin
- HTML
- CSS
- SCSS
- TypeScript
- Encryption
- Angular2
- Node.js
- Exress
- Socket.io
- MongoDB
- Ionic Framework (Cordova)


## 3. Installation
**Mobile App**
```
$ cd mobile-app
$ npm install
$ ionic serve

*** Gulp Tasks ***
$ gulp watch
$ gulp lint
```
To install the app on the mobile phone copy mobile-app/build/android-debug.apk to you android phone.



**Login Showcase**
```
$ cd login-showcase
$ npm install
$ npm start
open Browser at localhost:3500
```

**REST API - Without Installation Using Hosted MongoDB - RECOMENDED**
Make sure you have uncommented the connection string for hosted mongodb in config.js
```
$ cd rest-api
$ npm install
$ npm start
REST API is listening at localhost:8080
```
To test the REST API you can import the postman collection "/rest-api/_backup/postman-api/collection.json" into your postman app
You have to choose "Basic Auth" and authenticate with user admin/admin

**REST API - With Installation of Local MongoDB**
Make sure you have installed mongodb on your local machine
Make sure you have uncommented the connection string for local mongodb in config.js
```
$ cd rest-api
$ npm install
$ npm run mongo-init-win (mongo-init-mac)
$ npm run mongo-import-win (mongo-import-mac)
$ npm start
REST API is listening at localhost:8080
```
To test the REST API you can import the postman collection "/rest-api/_backup/postman-api/collection.json" into your postman app
You have to choose "Basic Auth" and authenticate with user admin/admin




**Admin UI**
```
$ cd admin-ui
$ npm install
$ npm start
open Browser at localhost:3000
```
Login with the prepared user admin/admin (admin1/admin1, oder admin2/admin2)



**ToDo's:**

Prio 1
- Admin UI Input Validation > Reactive Form Validation in Admin Component not working as expected > Sadly running out of time to implement this to try the template validation in the other components
- Give the User Feedback after all the actions happening on the UI > Sadly running out of time to implement this



Prio 2
- Admin UI Searchfunction
- Refactor CSS Admin UI > Sadly running out of time to implement this
- Admin UI Grafical Display of Accesses > Barchart > Sadly running out of time to implement this
- Gulp Task Build, Minify, compile scss, compress > Sadly running out of time to implement this
- Admin UI Error Handling > Sadly running out of time to implement this
- REST API Error Handling > Sadly running out of time to implement this
- Unit Tests Admin UI > Sadly running out of time to implement this
- Git cleanup and check .gitignore 


Done
- Design Admin UI > Noel > OK
- Login Admin UI (Admin) > Noel
- Admin UI Dropdown For Selectable Values > Noel
- Design Login Showcase > Thomas > OK
- Landing Page Login Showcase > Thomas > OK
- Icon App > Thomas > OK
- Colorize App > Thomas > OK
- Put all CSS declarations in one main CSS File > Noel > OK
- Unit Tests REST API > Thomas > OK
- Admin UI Make it Multilanguage Capable > OK
- Comment source code > Thomas > Noel > OK
- Code formatting > Thomas > Noel > OK
- Update git readme.md > OK
- REST API > npm install > install mongodb if not installed -> fill with testdata > OK
- put configuration values to config file -> hostnames, ports > OK
- quite a lot other stuff....

## 5. Resume

**Besonders gut**
- Aufteilung Workpackages
- Vielfältiger Technologieeinsatz
- Nette Idee -> funktionierender POC


**Würden wir anders machen**
- Einsatz von Betaversionen Ionic/Angular für Produktion überdenken
- Mehr Zeit für Testing (Unit und EndtoEnd)
- Mehr Zeit für GUI > Zeitaufwändig

**Was haben wir gelernt**
- Nodejs
- Angular2
- Ionic > Cordova
- jQuery Plugin implementieren
- Socket Service
- REST API implementieren
- TypeScript
- Gulp
- Testing
- MongoDB
- SCSS
- Verschiedene Formvalidierungsansätze ausprobiert
